Changelog updates for 1.41.0 release (#21533)
microsoft/vscode-mssql: extensions/mssql/CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## Version 1.41.0

- Release date: March 18, 2026
- Release status: GA

### What's new in 1.41.0

> - Added Data API Builder support (Preview) to Schema Designer, enabling users to quickly and easily generate REST and GraphQL endpoints for your database schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Data API builder (Preview) support, enabling users to create REST, GraphQL, and MCP endpoints for SQL database tables from a visual interface within Visual Studio Code
```

- Added Code Analysis settings dialog for SQL Database Projects

> - Added SQL Notebook support (Preview) allowing users to use SQL queries in their Jupyter notebooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added SQL Notebooks (Preview) support, allowing users to write and run SQL queries in native Visual Studio Code Jupyter notebooks with interactive results, sorting, filtering, and Markdown documentation
```
